flash-based camcorders have been on the
market for a while but Canon recently
joined the party I'm Brian Chong for
cnet.com and today we're signing the
product spotlight on the canon vixia hf
10 the vixia hf 10 is canons debut model
for flash-based high-definition cameras
and there's a lot to love the hf 10 has
a sleek and compact black design that
weighs just over 15 ounces and is small
and light enough to fit in a large
jacket pocket it's plastic body feels
real solid too now some of the controls
have been relocated with this design the
function button and joystick which are
used frequently to change settings now
live on the LCD the hf 10 has 16
gigabytes of built-in flash memory and a
slot for SDHC removable flash this
camera records AVC HD video at a maximum
of 17 megabits per second and that
supports the full 1920 by 1080
high-definition for capturing just over
2 hours of footage you can also record
to your SD card at the highest quality
as long as you're using class 4 SDHC or
higher now let's take a look at the lens
it's a 12 X zoom which is a longer reach
than most of the 10x lens from other
cameras in its class it performs really
well focuses quickly and stays locked in
both dim and bright conditions there's
HDMI and USB on this side on the back
you'll have a mic in and an AV out and
on the inside there's a slot for the
additional SD card and component out and
there's canons accessory shoe slot up
here you'll also get an included battery
which is rated for about 55 minutes of
recording time but like most camcorders
you want to consider picking up the
larger double capacity battery even if
it ruins some of the sleek lines what
else should you guys be aware of well
there's a manual focus mode that using
the joystick and it's basically useless
also the wind filter is not as
dependable as previous models and I've
never had a chance to see this in action
but if you live in a place like San
Francisco that could be an issue but
overall this camera does everything you
could ask for in its class i'm brian
tong for cnet.com and kennen may not
have been the first out of the gate with
a flash-based camcorder but the vixia hf
10's well-rounded feature set great
video and performance gets it right the
first time